Update wording for 6.4.1 Coercing Field Arguments (#1207)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 6 -- Execution.md

order to correctly produce a value. These arguments are defined by the field in
the type system to have a specific input type.

> Each argument position in an operation may be a literal {Value}, or a {Variable}
> to be provided at runtime.

Reviewer: Looking at Martin's proposed edit... what _is_ an "argument position in an executable document"? To me it's where an argument is passed to a field in a document (which is irrespective of the actual type system - the field doesn't even need to exist in the schema):

```graphql
query {
  __nonsenseDoesNotExistField__(arg: >>>THIS IS AN ARGUMENT POSITION IN AN EXECUTABLE DOCUMENT<<<<)
}
```

As such, it _can only be_ a literal or a variable... there's no other option. So I think Martin's second option can be simplified a bit, it's informational (`contains`) rather than normative (`may`):

> Each argument position in an executable document ~~may be~~ contains a literal {Value}, or a {Variable}
> to be provided at runtime. Arguments may also be missing if their definition allows it.

However, I feel like the "argument position in an executable document", whilst much more concrete, is potentially meaning something different than that which the previous text implied, so I think Martin's additional clarifying sentence might be needed - but we shouldn't rely on validation here ("if their definition allows it") since execution is allowed to be performed without validation. A "for example" might be a softer way of writing this:

```suggestion
Each argument position in an executable document contains a literal {Value}, or
a {Variable} to be provided at runtime. Some arguments may not be represented
in the document, for example if they are optional.
```
